hello javi good how are you after what happened since
you came and got angry yesterday everything is
fine let's see well well well because good
night beautiful how are you very well
Pablo and how are you thank you very much let's see
well
[Music]
middleton and thank you very much welcome
basically well let's see yesterday we were
trending on twitter mixed
thank you very much we went from on twitter
the three of us, me the first one
trending hub and jackie and dallas I was
taking a look I found out I was falling
asleep and man most people
even with me
except for three or four points where
I got a little heated and so on let's see what
basically turned me on was that
I was implying that when I
made the insinuations I wasn't
insinuating that when I made the
comparisons okay like I was
analyzing with the system that's what
pissed me off okay it's not going to bother me
and it goes and it's going to imply that I have
done something that I have not done it's going to
analyze is to downplay
something like taking it as a joke like
taking away their wound and that's not what I did  I
wasn't even saying that
the girl's case was the same as the
dog's case, or that one was more painful or
less painful because that is already subjective,
completely subjective, okay, I
imagine that there will be families.
I have a dog, I suggest it for a
family home.
Yesterday was one of the best live shows,
very loud at night, yes, it is all
loud and I have my dog, I love him
as one of the family, but
obviously it is not the same as my son.
Wherever the mission is, the dog is not there, not
even close. Now there are families, there are
families that only have dogs and they
see him as a son and they hurt too and
all that stuff, but of course the
comparison does not go there, it is desired, the
same and it was not the same as if it was
more serious, less serious, the comparison
was not that, it was about
good night, Mr. Javier
Oliveira, have a good night
live, thank you very much, thank you very much. The
issue with which I was comparing
was not the case itself, what I was
comparing was the fact of announcing,
requesting or asking for the search, I could
put the girl's case as I could have
put a car, a stolen car
a stolen motorcycle okay imagine if someone
steals my car and I do it there's a video
saying that man steal the car I think it's
around this area you
understand the comparison was that he
said it was illegal that he said it was
illegal to do that that's not illegal to
us everything was clear another thing is that he
tried to distort it for his
convenience grace gonzalo let's see that's
what pissed me off it's the only and exclusive thing
that pissed me off that and who was making it
clear to me as if I were a
sick person who is going to analyze certain things and I'm
not going to allow that you know if
you guys notice at first he
starts insulting me he doesn't let me speak he
starts insulting me it's not that I'm there
but I'm not said idiot I
asked you if you're stupid I haven't seen him
today and he says then you're stupid if you
're telling me this it's because you're stupid that's what you
say and don't look at them let's get involved he
starts insulting me after five
minutes four minutes start debating
okay and I moved on from the subject because I know that
when they start insulting
when it starts to result in a debate they've already
lost  the way and they have lost it
then what you should not do
is put yourself at the same level because at the
end of the day the one who insults is the one who
lets himself be loved the one who insults no
but when he started to get into
a loop with the subject that I got heated I got pissed off I
swear and his vision is that I
sue you because you are insinuating that I have
said done and this I have not said it is
worth the same as those of Jose Breton not the
fingers above all I am not being or
that it was better or worse what the
madman did or what he did that above all
evidently I think that is clear
no what he is saying is that of course and
well he did that two years ago but
as his content is clean and it gets good
views and it does not bring toxicity according to him
then come on let's put anyone in here I
can tell you or above all how could I have
told you that I did not think of another
at that moment it is understood that you have to
understand also
[Music]
in the debates in the live and more with
so many people also that it gives you time to
think much you know with more experience
than I have now thank you very much
welcome no matter how much more experience
you think I have the debates at the end
about a person also knows tried to
take it out of context but no I wasn't
worried about that when I cut the director
if I give you an idea when when I did he
when after telling them about the time we
were in Dallas and I said hey
forgive me it has been misinterpreted done
because maybe because that's what
I was worried about that it could be
misinterpreted okay but on twitter
then look at the trending today
all day and no no no no people
understood it but 4 mongolo for agreeing with him
because his and pain and well I don't
even think he's his idol I think it
's because according to what he's with those that
according to you points looking for what he's
looking for and
even the example could have put another
example which is the one that occurred to me to
take was the intention
and it was clear and period let's see I'm going to see
videos on the subject in out he just
uploaded a video on the subject I'm going to
see it I'm going to see
good to everyone Jackie Chan one of the
ringleaders well the thing about Dallas and
obviously including Dallas wasn't coming to
story put the good stuff came story was not relevant
because Dallas was
involved I
didn't remember such an intense debate my
mother the moment unmissable town you can
see that she had more to hide that she is
the best that she was lying because she
gives me the mass against things but she didn't
tell me yesterday she told me a long
time ago you
know why Dallas and I talked
things over and that is precisely what she told me what is
going on that I can't
prove to him there is here in a debate that what he
was saying was not like he said
because who the [ __ ] am I because between
Dallas and I prove it that they are
lying because I didn't want to because nothing
because there is a lot to say I have a folder here I
have I don't know what but no no you can't city Nadal go ahead and give it to him he says the thing and then I found out exactly how the move was because if Mayo is not bad either he fully understands the move is that Dallas did start insulting him okay playing
parrot they control him Loria and he insulted him
but it was in 2018 and here he had been
insulting him on the internet for like a year it came out
here suddenly from one day to the next
the mob joins  and starts insulting him
everywhere that's why he gives it to me he messes it up
and I told him what I told him that I don't know what
he said that it will hurt him so much okay
and I already know that I don't know what we're going to see if I
'm not debating for one I know that I don't have to
get into other debates of mine with
him but I knew that the payment at
any moment was going to be like that he was
going to close me without including Dallas he
was already saying that he was going to cut me off
then I was already for laughs because I
knew what was going to be things and if I
know that if he's going to leave you guys think that
I believed that he was going to stay
no I knew he was going to leave I knew
that he was going to leave yes yes he was already
saying that he was going to leave with me
being with me he's only saying that he
was going to leave that's why I lost it
because already because of laughter he gave to see
obviously and Sebas copete there it was like that he
got like that he touched everything and even changed the
screen two or three times I saw it then
directly and touched like this change the screen
puts twitter by axis and leaves you
know if he finally has the debate  that we
no longer had anything to talk about but I
promise it's the intention well it wasn't to
fight with him or look at him or anything it was to
argue because in the end what we were
arguing about the game thing pissed me off
when he said the typical
hater nonsense and more coming from a guy who
knows the sanse or because he's subscribed
to my channel and it's known and to me that they
say the nonsense is that
I change sides because it gives the average
nuncio and [ __ ] me that pisses me off
okay they say it because they know it pisses me
off and besides it's a lie and very
easy to dismantle it's very easy to
dismantle I mean it's as simple
as I realized the move
in January and on January 28th I do the game
over and I don't give a damn if he's been saying
for three years that he's going to
report me I took it as a joke when
I received the conciliation in March that I had
n't spoken to him we had together
with four other emails for another issue okay I took it I
said I consulted it I
consulted with
[Music]
with a  lawyer
the lawyer I had back then
now and he said to me see if you want to
fight
we can fight I don't know how much but
we've said a lot of things I think
that in truth he's not right whether it was
part that I would have won I wouldn't have
won that I had loose that they would have
convicted is that I recognize that
had happened to me so I said let's
see this that he takes it from me and I pay him what
is against the lawyer Thomas until
later if in the end we recover it by
making a video we did two live
I think they were no since it is stupid it
was stupid you know but he was going to
report me but I accepted the conciliation
see he removed and that's it I don't have to be
afraid I could have continued without
talking to him and continue criticizing him
because you can't report me again
what fear what fear he couldn't
report me again if the next day I
criticized him for something else
if I measure my word and don't
say it again the thing that I told him he can't
report me any fear that those who say
that are because they have nothing else to
hold on to you know then that's where the
issue came from because I  I told you I
could also report you and then there are a lot
of tui that have been going to me, I had been passing
a lot of your daughter and you and where it says
that he attacks that he I don't know what a lot
of beastly things you know but what
touches my dick that the
character puts on yes [ __ ] that are not
true that are not true no I change my
way of thinking about him
because there were events in the
middle
Marbella has been exposed in a
debate with Javi and here we come to
tell what was exposed in my opinion in
several points that concern the server
that are the ones that I am going to deal with here they
also get in front in the middle but
for now going through with the grandfather one of
the most contentious points and that in
turn gave more to talk about given a
participation and it is that evidently it was
vetoed because I only hope that you do not
make another video I have a feeling that it would
go badly for you because in the end he gets along with
great trimmers I do not care
who he gets along with Mauricio does not know very well
that I do not go to I do not care about
everyone that I go alone  I get along
well with some and I have some colleagues
but I don't depend on anyone I just do
my thing you understand and I don't give a damn if they're
never going to invite me to Marbella okay
if I went and they're never going to talk to me I don't
depend on that people are here to
see me period okay that's it it
helps me teach with youtuber grande is
who I don't give a damn
in fact video to people I love and it's that I do
n't give a damn and on top of that I told him because on top of that the guy doesn't know what the word hypocrite means he ran and started telling me here that I was a hypocrite that they gave hypocrite and false for mentioning and bye bye bye don't touch it and I
say oh I'm not touching it bring me what he tells me false hypocrite
you know the
meaning of false hypocrite false
hypocrite it's you
there it goes and I tell him here in video in my
face he's going to show it to me he tells me I say
well then nothing happens let's go let me
be here awake late if he ends
late you send it to me
that your character
and since they had conflicts in the
distant past  he's a guy who does a lot of
gta iv roleplaying and here due to
personal differences he has vetoed him
here so once and for all it's like that and that's it there
's nothing more to talk about the issue is that you were
going unilaterally since he has no
problems with him so I invite him
I greatly appreciate the
dance mitt really appreciate it greatly
after that given the obvious that they did
n't agree since he said
only my friends can enter here and these
two friends come on no if you want I'll invite
yours Too you have to invite the
people who are my friends I like
and that we're going to get along with great with
then don't say that you wanted
reborn to enter you piece of fake
that was the crux of the debate don't say that he
wanted rebollar to enter I tell him and
who does he vote for and what voter does not say
no to avoid if you want
boots to enter yes that
fall true the host is worth it well with
all this context the problem here has
come when here it has not been clear
at any time what it is that he has done
in a very cowardly way hiding behind the
conflict that grandpa and auron
play had so that the two were not on
the same server basically
but we did see that there
could be a mess and of course it's
okay churri it's that you've been through a
lot and here your followers want
you to do well without problems we
will do haha thanks to mauricio nothing happens
with how easy it would have been to say look I'm
not inviting him out of revenge screw him
because I don't feel like it that's it there's
nothing that way in
yesterday's debate he continues with the same
lies speeches and contradictions
ibai said that everything
is true to me we have invited the world but
then certain decisions were made
for example with rebound because we didn't
want the jump of people
saying or they are going to get together they are not going to get
together things that we want to remove and that
is the [ __ ] reality and that's why he was left
out because I was fighting with him
for a while yes but it is irrelevant
if I did not know him at all also
located outside because because it is a
group decision and a decision that we have
made my vote what he denies
places his goals in his live shows a
less the client endured that he is
putting the green if you do it will not be done
in two three four months summer is not
extended do not fight when it was with
aurum place rigor after summer things
if not after six months ago at most
if you six months ago he is in your live
saying that reborn is not a person
to approach you that you talk that you already
warned them that he does not know how much you are not
going to invite him no toxicity or dicks me do not
be false you
did wrong to put dallas in queue a
him telling you that no not everything revolves
around dallas and whenever you do a
debate you want to include dallas let's see
dandy here one thing is very clear the same thing
is that you believe that here the
debates are legal
legal I mean in legal
and not legal terms in a super plan with a guideline
this spectacle is worth so here what I
want is for people to freak out have a
good time the point and if I have here on
fire even though the other is
telling me not to include it apart from that I
am already telling you what continues if it were
someone
and here  I had appreciation and respect for him
but the first thing is that he was
lying and told to go ahead let's
see if it's true that you're telling the
truth no the second is that I already knew
that Gabriel was going to get laid
thank you very much I already knew that he was going to throw himself or
rather yes it was being said about Pilar it
would be when he was alone with me
and apart from that this is a [ __ ]
spectacle the laughs were when I put
Dallas in and in note he left
this is like TV okay because I didn't
want to vote no based on his
participation but for another who
would have liked it to be coherent
problems with the past
then it's not that he's not with emissions the
unions to top it off those involved in the
conflict have said that they would have no
problem playing together and I
wonder who you are since he quoted to
say no that you can't it's not going to be
that leader sends balls he also
claims that he doesn't know a high
percentage of the people who have entered
the server [ __ ] and if they have conflict
between them but knowing that you don't have
direct access to listen but he says I
don't know 80 percent of what
's there and it's as if  between them they have a
conflict I think I told him it sounds familiar or
at least
that's what it is so you
see how this is falling apart on
all sides I tell you the way
better not to keep giving this
person the ball and move on yesterday you already
gave him what he deserves let's go with the boy Juana my
Juan don't touch water don't touch it true they have
gone too far with him apparently I have not
seen it I have the Lebanon gang and now we see it I
am going to see videos of this I am
going to see this one I am going to see the chicken one I don't know if the
chicken that is going to upload a video
but not
the possibility that they have to fight
facing each other in the golan
youtube with which you can tell me what
type that is true and that crossed my
mind but yes I did not only say this one
denied land with the rigor they
are a lie no
that is a lie no
that happened that that is a
lie that is a
lie
of argumentation and that does not reach my
understanding in the golan at the
selection level do not have any type of
power and you had to eat it with
potatoes because this agreement has
participated or rather you are telling me
in ego lancia they were fighting rbori had already
past of aurora many months ago
and he refused they could be there because they weren't
going to be able to be Marbella I have to I didn't
invite him because it didn't feel like it to you it's
false
but let's see if I can understand
it's totally understandable what value a
certain protest has on a server it was
after flying but if the golan was in
January not when the thing with auro or reborn it
wasn't in summer after summer around
there it
was after then they left it and it
bounced for three months only
then the click of what we have
mentioned the click of Jackie getting in
with rigor was three months ago
to a person the orchard that we give him the
door that we give him it's that he hasn't
invited him because he doesn't like him and he's going
there he put his foot in it he said that he was going to
invite him because he counted on including him
because they were always inviting him to
the series and he had to correct him which he
can't stand but damn it to declare himself
clear throw a couple of balls because
because because then everything is known and it looks much
worse than if it had been direct from
the beginning it had already seemed respectable
to me it seems respectable now an
aside and that is that  I think it's
good that they could have used
other forms
but nothing more another topic that was discussed was
the controversial participation of the madman in
the Balearic server and the opinion that
a person to determine if a
story what has happened
who more criticism let's go I'm not going to
tell it because I don't tell
private things but it's going to freak out
negative episode can not be condemned for
life damaged in all places and guillotine
for whoever in this case it is obvious
that these people are interested in having them since they
handle good numbers
administrators it
seems to me that currently
lollipop lollipop lollipop thanks
Jordan how about
see if you tell me that the
madman's thing was a [ __ ] up like 15
years ago 10 years ago eight years ago I don't
know but it's been two years two
years
and the girl he asked to whom he
sent photos I think she was 14 or 15 I don't
remember and he was like 22 sorry
could be cancelable depending on the
person
I think people can repeat themselves
people can believe they believe that people
can can be forgiven can come back
less depends on what it was to me  It was like
February 1st, their face begging for
filters over there, I believed it was
true, yes, yes, of course, true, nothing for the
CIA last year, this year, a piece of [ __ ],
one person, what doesn't add up to me is
again the hypocrisy that is handled
based on well-being, do you remember the
clip that started it all, the girl
who drives an Aerojet, maybe China, not true,
this, for example, Ibai found it
tremendously disgusting, murky, and
condemnable, let's say he saw it as terrible
and in the end he knew I don't know how to separate, it's
expensive, it's not having a better act,
Chavez, so it didn't occur to me that
in the end it's what I'm telling you, it's not the
fact of putting it in, not putting it in, if you
want to put it in because, look, he considers
that the guy screwed up at a specific moment,
no, no, they're one thing, they're mistakes and
another thing is that, but well, what do you
consider that Demetrio the
shrimp that we have to give him another chance
or whatever and now I would put it in a
server where the audience, in the
audience that he has, not even in May, I wouldn't
put it in, okay, I don't  I would play with him okay
but then the thing don't have double
standards if you are so permissive with
some and you forgive then don't have double
standards with other things
but a little bit of having not seen a
clip the truth is I don't even know who that
guy is this
I don't know the expert is
interpreting a character but I don't know if I
see it better as a movie like I
understand it more than a streamer you know on my
server but nevertheless a guy who
admitted the following and that was not a
video game is running wild on the
server practically for those who
couldn't see it was a girl who said that
when she was 15 she had sent me
nude photos and that I had
accepted them prince everything not only accepted
but I followed the conversation and I
insinuated that I happen to her more all this with the
consent of both only that I was of legal
age and she was a minor the correct thing
would have been for me to tell her not to
stop the car or block her or tell her
that that was wrong and not act
impulsively like well we would have to
ask her what she thinks about this but
then they will come with the typical no I didn't
know anything I was not  so much blah blah
blah watch out because maybe I had no
idea and I also tell you I wasn't
very aware of the case of the madman one
thing is that a girl is a minor
and another thing is the age of consent they
are two different things morality goes
aa
but regardless of that and in
fact that they have Argentina is legal no no no
dress you are mistaken me
china water neither me let's see what with the red snapper
seems to me the china nor does it seem to me up to
date the other day a comment was in bad
taste that came out at a specific moment
and it seems to me a very unfortunate man
as much as he is lending a child with
mental problems whatever excuse you want is
worth it but I understand that that kid is not
like the madman you understand I understand that
that kid at that moment he thought that
it was funny in his head and
then he cut it off but I'm not going to finish it what
I criticize is that they
think it's wrong shady and everything they
are saying and then they don't
care
no it wasn't legal nothing explains it to them
that the law of Argentina no I don't
know them but I know that the law  In
Argentina the age of consent is
different than here and I think it's 13
or 14 I don't know but what he's talking about I don't know I don't
get into whether it's legal or not
but what I'm telling you is that I don't put them in
but the server for hello thank you very much
and hundreds of stories and has been
condemned or not there is the issue that if we
get picky about one thing we don't
put with everyone that in the end it
explodes in your face and you get a
cookie and not a chocolate one precisely we
condemn any we do not
allow any type of error it is
racist against racist let it be noted that it
is not a parody or it is not good
when it was put in the good that same of we
do not condemn any racist role I don't know
that I do not know how much
not to allow any type of racist role
outside of it
I think it is being advanced because
the best way out expelled will not fall come
out behind yes yes we have
expelled him if they had expelled him they will see
complaint at the time so that they
come out four or five days later for
well-being it is no longer valid it
is something that cannot be said and
obviously not  we're going to allow it just like
the people who are planned for the server for like
an hour you can't go in and
surround servers and we're not going to
allow any insults super artists
super sexist super nothing the same and really
when it's a role
if you can trivialize a character with common sense
to do it
now every time there's a controversy you have to
carefully analyze if the one who
was giving was the character or the
person I find it interesting to see
regardless of the fact that everyone
in order not to be banned is going to hide behind
the character issue okay degree that
many people don't know her one hundred
percent how the hell are you going to elucidate something
so ambiguous explain it to me you see like this
doesn't have any kind of world cup I've
said it many times that everyone does and
says whatever they want out of bounds
it's a [ __ ] video game 'the as a last
note at the update level a
note in this case quite comical and it
seems that Chinese water hasn't even
gotten what she deserves on twitter no no they've
beaten her up enough
we're talking about the video game on
twitter they beat her up yesterday  I was
watching because I was going to see you I don't know how
or he hangs out with those that God hangs out with they might
be fighting me
Francisco Javier thank you very much stem
welcome
but no I was fighting the
superhero that plays the little creature
ran into him and did justice like with
a stick in the mouth as it should be two
little kids told me what you did to them
very well you start talking or I would start
breaking them up clearing meego
[Music]
live in fact not live
who else to say who uploaded a video of the
song
karim man
the chicken was his
how are you there family how is everything
today I worked at seven thirty they
got up to pay sentences but yesterday
next door and a bit of a meter the bed of one of the
gods
let's go to the physical
share the bell let's leave like and
above all your comment your opinion
why
good morning beautiful a donation to
start the afternoon well thank you very much
well before we start before starting
excuse the live in the live video
years ago we spoke with the family
we spoke for a week
since I didn't know anything about that fauna and
those abnormal ones that  they roam freely
around the world well there here surely well it
seems normal to you
this is not chicken I saw him at the level
like the others he is a person with this
level only that according to he is with those
that according to thai he will have a little more
money
that then you tell me the comments
cavities Taliban is that in 2017 today
of
without curtain the first point that I have is
the dog okay and the subject of Marta de
Castillo great incredible that people who
travel life that surely there is a lot or a
little I don't know what makes you laugh at the subject of
Malta Castillo a moment that nothing few
people few people few people some
followers seriously that will not have a [ __ ]
clue is to be grabbing that but the mouth
is a comparison with the subject of Marta
del Castillo
of the search since he clung to that
telling him that as he is hung as
part of the truth do you believe that a person
six years thank you thank you
shocks Spain how good that he opened
the news every day that it was
crazy to buy any
normal person we know that he is not buying my
models it is that here he clung to that
for two hours it is that each  20 minutes it
seems that before the debate with which I
had no other room
[Music]
that I do is a [ __ ] in the toilet opened
the dictionary and put the word to
analyze and the word trivialize was left
here and he used it all the bat because you
banal and if it is that he also does not know the
meaning of the word is going to analyze
to trivialize is to downplay it is to
downplay the thing like
take it as a joke you know
because I analyze and you analyze you
loved to use to analyze and Marta
del Castillo but a person can
make a comparison like that man really
but please do you have an example but it is
that I was not comparing it was not an
example exactly but not the part of the
kidnapping in the part that it was a
girl nor peace not the part of announcing
the part of announcing what what what
is announcing to people and asking for
people's collaboration that is the
example that he was giving using
this comparison and model and on top of that Javi
in previous live shows okay he has already said
that that girl and her family were neighbors
of his that he tried to surround the subject
that he sees his parents  etcetera etcetera
please for you or is he going to analyze that
with the crazy one let's take it there for two
hours to try it please the
second point that I have I didn't like it over
the phone and on the other hand pressing I do
n't like it because if this is already the yak
and it is willing to go up hey I'll go up we talked
I said that he said a point I
have to go as a spectator I
wanted to see it because of painting painting
a lot paint mainly that it was
him we were talking about it was
you yes paint that already there okay that it was
one of the points of the debate what he
the Yankee in his right began to say
what the [ __ ] relationship very friend of age the
creation very friend of Dallas not like me
that I would like to be friends with Dallas and
that he stopped talking to him because
Dallas asked him for collaborations and he did not
want to collaborate with Dallas so
to clarify it okay
that here people what they want show that
when you want a real debate worth
a debate with rules with guidelines as long as it is
not knowing it has had a spectacle,
well I say
every morning if here an argument
you me  you say it's because I have their rooms
I buy my popcorn whiter
here and I see in front because I'm interested
but someone was javi since today here
javier who painted them there because he
wanted his share of the spotlight don't
want to see him here it
seems good to me that javier when he said
no that
I didn't like the audios I liked
some of the audios
and then the chat people normal people
writers and people of the town the town
you can't be talking about a
person and it's that I didn't do that not even
when I was fighting to improve it or
when I had the war with him when I
got into [ __ ] with him the person
half of debating I debated it's like that you
're talking about the person and any
person wants to challenge you in the face you have to you have to
go you have no choice if you
're not a [ __ ] [ __ ] a cowardly point is
that there is no more you have no choice you have no choice there is no
option and the one who does
n't do it is the one who is being unfair
you can't go talking talking about
people you can't go talking about
people and now with those people they want to
stand up to you and defend themselves in front of
all  the audience flee well no no it is not
possible
and from here recognized since no if it
is that if he is going to go he was going to leave already if
being with me he was only saying that he was
going with the part of Castillo or rather
his radicals and others because as he did not
want to share the screen with Dallas to the
people of the funds all the sides are
I do have when we were little but all
sometimes you have to rethink the toxic ones
that I called uncle
the ravine that you get wings because
I have to sun life and that day
and that is incredible
but okay
here I have to be for Javi
against because because I am for
Javi with one thing I find repugnant
in my opinion
is that Javi notices that it is the lack of
respect of the program from the entrance to the you
allow the lack of respect remains everything
that he wants to see
I remain of the lack of respect
because he was the one who started if he
had continued throughout the debate
although take care nervous of what you
want but he would not have started to
insult and so in serve what they are
insinuating I would not have gotten heated and there would
not have been a lack of  respect okay and
down then Dallas would have gone up when we
would have finished the debate and we
would have talked and he would have told
his version okay and there they understand me
but that they lack the respect that tends
to the well look at me the cities that
were the laughs the truth is that it was the
most fun I think of the shitty debate
and more in Marbella that it is not necessary
through mind because it is something like that but there
are 200 people who have agreed to play
with the madman then what I have said about
the 200
stupid people is that he is stupid that
last night they did not stop is one of the things
that they told me last night
javi is a hypocrite because he says I
am here and to juan guarnicin not only
says if I only say well I only say that what I have
said a thousand times
have you heard it sometime it is a
lie that I have not said it that now
said the same I love him very much continue I
love you I
appreciate him he is a colleague juve
thank you very much but I find it regrettable that he
collaborates with the madman and I say that
here if he wants me to tell him also he does not give a damn
and he  that he gets angry he got angry
I think it's regrettable to collaborate with the
crazy person, that's it and we'll have to
forgive him crazy world, well I don't know well I do
n't know it depends on there is everything has
a context it has a level but
man it is necessary you could insult him
because he messed with him while you did
n't have hard feelings
the one who wasn't resentful whether you can
forgive someone or not you can
get over it man I don't know I know that would have to be
seen but at least with time what
you can't do that he let's see is that he
says nothing that the crazy person's thing was
two years ago which I don't care if it was
a year ago if Marbella Vice had
been in 2019 they would have invented they would
invite the crazy person if the crazy person had
n't canceled it not even at the same moment
people started saying how was the
crazy person because if another one arrived we would
see in the same
in the same 2019 people already continued
loving the crazy person and saying that but the thing
is that he has apologized and he has shown his
face he has recognized his mistake I don't care
if it was in  2021 that the 20 that does not matter
knows I think that maybe time
because maybe it shows what I know
something is not known if not I am not here a
judge or anyone who rules because now I
forgive you now not from anyone I
simply at these moments I
was not accusing javi of lying about
him and dallas javi had every right to
prove that it was not true by inviting
dallas that had to be seen if it had to be
seen when I already put the call in
knowing that he was leaving at no time I
thought that
people who have blond numbers were going to stay
are to blame for those who end there are
people in there to say exactly
what I in fact wanted it was me
if they had invited me to do it I would have
loved it because I like
1,333 brands and 333 and your moderators
ignore me and do not want to lift the
ban when you said they could already they
just ignore me and I cannot donate
remove it and they go that we are going to
give it to him the second chance that he does not
do it anymore
but what is it that you  I say that if I have
said what I said was people who come
people that I don't like for me this if I would have
liked to avoid being in some
things and because people I don't know what they know
but I wouldn't have you wouldn't have been
because I'm not going to be there with the crazy person
because no because in the end that weighs on you
man
in the end ATP that gave like even
collaborating if people forgive Dallas they would
forgive the crazy person but that thing that the
crazy person is all good and Dallas that has been
proven to be false they found it is disgusting that is the main thing
Annika that is the
main thing it is no longer the fact of that
forgiveness or it is not forgiven it is like location
out and like what I was trying to
help understand is the thing is
the measuring stick' it is for some things
but not for the other and the thing is that in the end
what we have always said does not matter who
matters who
then but I think that also because it
was a year and a half ago I think
that even the same because it is where
where he apologizes they left channel
16 it
is the same it is not the same with 16 the same the
law if it protects you and you can have it is that
Dallas does not have  nothing to do with
elements way dallas I was not going to go up to
talk to the madman's hat okay I'm
telling you it stays that way he has to improve his
mind because the madman was
calling Dallas everything for years
so inform yourself better relationships behind
photos but this one is not that good
please this year that with 16 because I
personally as administrators
thank you very much
then the
whole live the whole live since
collectively it downplayed and it
disgusts me but since she chose her everything to eat
with potatoes because it was a long time ago not
because she apologized not because there is
nothing there is no trial for the
fracture to descend to the cemetery
[ __ ] but anyway and then to finish
to finish one of the things that I find
funny that I found precious was
the subject of when it was money
who is this madman they talk a lot about
the attic
look for them look for them look for the 20 on
youtube look at things when the hub
tries to apply something that interested us
here and here to the next and vice versa
and in the end it's with your arguments and then
I put mine
but in the end I had to be
interrupting  because he has a
way he had to be talking
above for example almost to him yes or yes I have
seen it if I have checked it
today
if I want to check that in the thing
my followers to look for you, to look for you
more the media were giving the names
of the streets and garages I'll leave you I'll
leave you I'll leave you and when I go there I go through the
middle of the sentence and again then
because the media
can send to look for a
missing line and Dallas which is other
media cannot send to
look for their dog let's see is that
you are comparing two things that are
totally is that the comparison
has nothing to do if one thing is
bigger than the other here is fire where
before going out for peteneras
as we have been all this time
but you can stay
and tremble the day that the wave does not go away
daddy
hello how's pizza thank you very much let's see I'm
going to see the moment the moment of peak let's
see moment I'm going to unblock
Abraham yes
javi you will talk about Carolina Abril and
Jackie
was watching it and it is a villain [ __ ]
we will see it was pathetic that he  lie and
you wanted to clarify it for him and for him to
interrupt saying that it was his
opinion and when you told him things
to his face he would call you a liar and then
the excuse of the opinion didn't work for him
the thing is
[Music]
if he had, he didn't misunderstand if he
had misunderstood he would have let me
explain it okay and once I
'm explaining it then it's clear
but he didn't want that to be clarified
because it was the only thing that was coming
out of me that he wanted to come out at me okay that's
what was happening to the turkey
but calm down people calm down I bet you can
say that he's a very bad
person he wants to defend his version
for me he's a bad person for the rest of the
people he may be the best person in the
world but for me he's not a good person you
understand I mean he doesn't have to
defend himself that Dallas doesn't have to
defend himself from me thinking that he's a bad
person it's convenient for me it seems a little
cowardly and oval come on goodbye
take me to the one who brought me until the
next live
take me to the one who brought me I understand
pathetic comparing Virgin with the
crazy one I mean I don't  I can make
comparisons but he compares Beijing
with the crazy one that
the rest
moments
sometimes
some people that I got out of the caris what is
called because I do not know how
this works because this one does not know how it
works
the truth is something else that interests me to
put brushstrokes
of the two calls me point and from the
beginning he wanted how to finish well
how to make the joke but he got
nervous he from his live you will see the
impression that in the middle of him in his
live he was reacting to my video
was that inside in his head he
would be paying for my deaths but he did not
want to want to soften it for him so as
not to get along with me to have a
move
giving in 22 were traveling and we knew it but I
really mean it
there were two well-known colleagues
in the morning
that excess and I the crash
the south what
in the south was not live
this is not live well
but I'm going to Zurich
that mental group must be very crazy and
famous xd
[Music]
thanks Jonathan
that mental group
I am not a subscriber of the south 7 that is
good because then I will do it but I
am going to do it being in  direct no for me to stop
what about
in the first few minutes the street
[Music] I
don't do it now a click
from a different one I
can't I can't right now
but it's not going to let me because the
card number changes to do it
because there are subscriptions of five euros,
13 euros and 25 euros
once I should have prime
because I have amazon but I don't have
no impute from here how it comes out
and wait a while
to see if it goes up and if not I become a member
now
but the tier that is the south we talk to the
boss just let's open now
a click you
know I become a member before
starting
clips
response to the cat surf morality police
in 24 hours
uncle loop
in January 2019 your non-Spanish user
often hypocrite alcohol and faith deserved
zas almost more light
and
shot pact
some client is talking about the subject it
was a living meme what he said I
was like that all night I
don't consider that it was a debate
as such I think you take a little how to
say it more it resembles more of an
argument than really a debate as
such so in higey yesterday I had the
two
chats one on each side is like the ranks of and the higher they are, the more benefits they have depending on the streamer, that's why you have to pay close attention to what level of standing people subscribe to you. Greetings and good night and that kid, in honor, don't put me in
that commitment if I want the chicken to
upload the video,
what do you think about turbo and must
[Music]